Ios/3.9.9 (#133)
MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io: collections/_ios/v3/CHANGELOG.md

### Removed
-->

## [3.9.9] 2020-08-31

### Fixed

> - Fixed issues causing `MPMapControl` to not properly cleanup content on the map when `MapsIndoors.provideAPIKey()` is called while a `MPMapControl` instance is already initialized.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issues causing `MPMapControl` to not properly clean up content on the map when `MapsIndoors.provideAPIKey()` is called while a `MPMapControl` instance is already initialized.
```

> - Fixed issue causing `MPMapControl.selectedLocation` not to properly highlight on the map in some cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed issue causing `MPMapControl.selectedLocation` to not properly highlight on the map in some cases.
```

> - Internal search engine optimizations and improvements.

Reviewer: Those are my favourites!
